guys welcome on another fishy Friday
here at Bart's fish tails today really
exciting I'm at the osis Helda which is
a an inlet next to the North Sea in the
south part of the Netherlands and it's
rich of all kind of beautiful seafood
you can find lobsters oysters razor
clams but today it's time for clams
we're going to make a traditional well
traditional it's my version clam chowder
but first let's find the clams we're
going to see yo peel next door he is the
expert here in the Netherlands shellfish
and crustaceans yo but good to see you
this is your power of is a Casillas so
this is the catch of today so this is a
whole pellet this is a whole mix of all
different shellfish you can find in the
ocean shell the right and and you
hand-picked them so you take out the
broken ones yes which is really good so
he's the only one here we're speaking by
hand so you get the highest highest
quality today we're going to make a clam
chowder can I have some clamps of it yes
yeah so these are the ketchup today so
they are these are full of sin so if you
want to clean your clams at home you use
a bit of water with some salt and
actually can get rid of the dissent but
you've already did it for us so this is
all cleaned right so here you have all
the different kinds of shellfish so what
do you have today where we can can we
cook with I have here the fall away
great
you've so guys look at these fungal a
beautiful all kind of different colors
it's amazing we're going to make a clam
chowder today with different kinds of
cleanse because we are with yo pier so
but if you can find only one single
specie no worries it will be amazing
your soup so next to the formula what
what else do we have yo for Lord is
there beautiful the bit bit bit bigger
can we have some followers
great
so we have florists we have wrong eleven
LCAP of coco they're beautiful I love
coppers I love coffee they are more
white yeah fantastic
interesting great yo I'm going to cook
outside here we're going to make this
clam chowder so you should come and
taste okay
okay see you later okay okay guys so
let's kick off for a clam chowder so the
first thing what we're going to do
because we're going to make this clam
soup it's a seafood soup we're going to
make this broth is talked out of these
clips what I use it's a bit of water so
what I'm going to do it right now is
adding the clamps to this water so this
is around 1 kilo of clams you could
count approximately the arm in between
300 and 400 grams per person okay so I
put the lid on I give it a few minutes
and until all clamps are opened so now
it's time to check if my clamps are
opened it smells so good
yes all the clamps are open so what I do
I'll take them apart you can sift them
at home the thing is you want to
separate them from the stock you just
have made you leave the last bit of the
stock in the pan so you can take out the
broken shelf parts so I've got these
beautiful clams I've got this delicious
stock I'm going to peel some potatoes
and now I'm going to cut them in small
cubes if you want to know the exact mer
recipe click on the link below - celery
stalks the first thing I'm going to take
up the veins the skin of the celery
stalk so now I finely chopped them but
next to shallot
because here a beautiful piece of
pancetta and I'm going to slice it in
small cubes so everything has been cut
now I have my pen back on the fire have
enough of butter so now the butter is
melted I'm going to add the shallot
celery and the pancetta add a bit of
black pepper okay so now I'm going to
see my other veggies and the pancetta
until the veggies have been softened and
that and the pancetta has a bit of color
I'm going to add the potato cubes so
after I've added the potatoes I get it
like like one minute and now it's time
to add the stock so now I bring it to
boil I'm using a lid because I'm outdoor
cooking right here as soon as the broth
is boiling I give it like ten minutes so
the potatoes will be cooked and all the
flavors have infused this gives me the
opportunity to separate the Claire
Meade's from the shells what you want to
do is save like 10% of the shells
including the meat for the decoration of
this do you have to clam open
you take out the meat with your fingers
yeah so now it's boiling and I gave it
10 minutes so the potatoes are almost
cooked going to add like 300 mils of
milk or you can choose either for milk
or for cream it's beautiful so I slowly
cook it for not a few minutes so what I
do right now is adding the clam meat
back into the soup for maybe one minute
just to heat it up just to heat it up
and now it's time to taste the soup
it's really good
all these flavors the bass the bass is
coming out of this beautiful inlet here
in the south of the Netherlands so now I
gave yo because he hope is the main man
he made sure that we had the best clams
so you know so you hope so you hope I
just made a delicious clam chowder so I
would like to share a few is like have
some clams in the shell and then I'm
going to add the soup look at this yolk
some clams potatoes have some celery
some bacon we're not adding salt because
it's already too sold out of the clams
right and the bacon gives a little bit
of soul so yo it's time to give you a
taste if you liked this video give it a
thumbs up if you have any comments any
questions to me or to yo leave them down
in the box below thank you thank you see
you soon
fishy Friday